suggest using default-scheduler and disable auto failover (#1504)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/configure-a-tidb-cluster.md

By configuring `topologySpreadConstraints`, you can make pods evenly spread in different topologies. For instructions about configuring `topologySpreadConstraints`, see [Pod Topology Spread Constraints](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-topology-spread-constraints/).

To use `topologySpreadConstraints`, you must meet the following conditions:

> - Your TiDB Operator use `default-scheduler` instead of `tidb-scheduler`. For details, refer to [tidb-scheduler and default-scheduler](tidb-scheduler.md#tidb-scheduler-and-default-scheduler).

Author: ```suggestion
- Your Kubernetes cluster uses `default-scheduler` instead of `tidb-scheduler`. For details, refer to [tidb-scheduler and default-scheduler](tidb-scheduler.md#tidb-scheduler-and-default-scheduler).
```
